22 


<title>The Effectiveness of Medical Products and
Related Programs Utilized in the Cessation of Smoking. 

<desc>

Document will identify the effectiveness of the use of 
medical products and related psychological/psychiatric
services in the cessation of smoking.

<narr>

A relevant document must provide substantive information
on the effectiveness of U.S. Government approved medical
products and psychological or psychiatric programs,
including group therapy, used to reduce or stop the
use of tobacco products.  The document must identify the
producer of the medical product, the name under which the
product is marketed and specific information regarding
its effectiveness when known or derived through clinical 
studies.  Related services utilized in treatment must 
identify the specific type of program and include  
statements regarding their effectiveness.  Generalized
statements regarding overall health issues associated
with tobacco products are not relevant.  The use of 
foreign government's products presently under review by
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is relevant,
provided the product is available to the consumer on a
medically approved temporary license.  Smoking bans are
not relevant unless the document addresses a long term
reduction in consumption of the products.

</top>
 
<top>

